Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/samanthajoj20/pen/NWjEqge?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? it explains the meaning of html
    2. What is HTML used for?  Used to build structure of websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? define properties and are put in opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is used for a min header and should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata
    7. What is an id? specifies a unique id for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? unique elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? one
    10. What is a class?  used to select and access specific elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to add text discription 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is grouped content, div has no meaning, just space
    17. What is CSS used for? to style html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects elements that are direct children of specific element, useful when styling
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?  .sidebar:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? capitalize, lowercase, uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? function SelectALL ()
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Rmdir /S "Foldername"
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 minutes or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin samantha-jones
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, clone, branch, commit, push pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline does not force a new line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it no longer exists in normal flow
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? float left
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default  block: p, h1, h2  inline- a, span  block-inline: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? box that wraps around every html element